CEN 4914 PROJECT PLAN

PROJECT:	Merchant Management Simulation (Game)
STUDENTS:	Tony L, Jonathan U
UFID5-8:	3605		0118
DATE:		2011/12/06

STATEMENT OF WORK:

TASK 1:	Plan initial course of action

		Determine an appropriate software development model to follow (likely
		TDD) and establish base framework/backend for the game.  It will be
		built solely on the mobile Android platform as a merchant and
		merchandise-management simulation game, where the player must
		acquire goods (mainly by hiring craftspersons and purchasing raw
		materials) to sell to customers.    

TASK 2:	Create UI backend and foreground

		Stick placeholders for the various UI elements (craftspersons in four
		corners, slidedown for inventory, patio for customers, etc.) with which
		player will engage with the game.

TASK 3:	Create barebone craftsperson and customer templates
		
		Craftspersons will have the ability to cooperate for certain items, and
		the player can queue up items for production. Certain customers will be
		persistent over time, potentially crutching	a yet-undisclosed story arc.
		Customers can ask to raincheck, pay-in-advance, haggle, etc. depending
		on their individual character traits.  Customer traits will be either
		pre-generated (most likely for persistent ones) or randomly seeded.
		Their traits determine various qualities, such as frugality, interest
		in classes of items, etc.  Craftspersons can improve in skill, making
		them faster and more efficient at crafting.
		
TASK 4:	Create items
		
		Items will have class and/or type denominators. Craftspersons craft the
		items out of pre-defined raw materials over a period of time (both are
		variable, depending on the skill of the craftsperson). Customers will
		harbour affinities toward certain classes/types, depending on the
		relevant character traits.

TASK 5:	Expand TASK 2 to include TASK 3 and 4 work

		Populate the itemspace, customerspace, and craftspersonspace. Ensure all
		enumerated elements of the game are in working order.

DELIVERABLES:

Pack 1:	Documentation relating to project specifications, internal (tentative)
		deadlines, possibly visual schematics of UI

Pack 2:	Source code for the game (.java, .xml files)

Pack 3:	Final report